Update support_03_legal_ethics.md (#109)
DHP-stottepakke/pages: pages/dmp_supporting_info/support_03_legal_ethics.md

### Personal data and data privacy

> AAs processing of personal data is followed by data management requirements, being specific about personal data is part of the DMP. It is the responsibility of the researcher to make sure that data processing is in agreement with the national legislation and institutional policies and routines. If personal data is to be FAIR, and available for future research or shared openly, considerations on how this can be done must be made prior to data collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As processing of personal data is followed by data management requirements, being specific about personal data is part of the DMP. It is the responsibility of the researcher to make sure that data processing is in agreement with the national legislation and institutional policies and routines. If personal data is to be FAIR, and available for future research or shared openly, considerations on how this can be done must be made prior to data collection.
```

Personal data is any information that can be linked to an identifiable person. This includes indirect identification. If data can identify a person directly or indirectly at any stage in the research process, the processing of personal data must be in accordance with The Personal Data Act (Norwegian: [Personopplysningsloven](https://lovdata.no/dokument/NL/lov/2018-06-15-38/KAPITTEL_gdpr#KAPITTEL_gdpr)), which incorporates the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in Norway. Any processing of personal data requires a lawful basis. 

Extra care must be taken for processing of special categories of personal data (often called sensitive personal data). Special categories include information about: Race or ethnic background; Political, philosophical, or religious beliefs; Health information and health related conditions; Sexual orientation or behavior; Membership in trade unions; Genetic and biometric information intended to identify a physical person.

> The principle of data minimzation entails limiting the amount of personal data collected and processed to what is necessary to achive hte purpose of the data processing and shuld be considered whenever collection of personal data is planned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The principle of data minimization entails limiting the amount of personal data collected and processed to what is necessary to achieve the purpose of the data processing and should be considered whenever collection of personal data is planned.
```
